---
layout: post
title:  "Hi, I'm Jeff"
date:   2020-09-23 01:30:13 +0800
categories: Default
---

I'm a postdoc at Duke studying the [neural basis of multisensory perception](https://people.duke.edu/~jmgroh/). Specifically, I study the coordination of visual and auditory processing for localization of sensory stimuli. Both humans and monkeys are able to combine information from these different sensory systems in order to make the best possible decision (given limitations of sensory organs themselves). My research focuses on understanding how this is accomplished in neural structures. I address this question through a combination of behavioral modeling, single neuron electrophysiology, theory, and computational analysis of neural signals. 

This site is very much a work in progress. If you are looking for something in particular you can check out my [github page proper](https://github.com/jmohl), my [cv](CV.pdf), or contact me at jefftmohl@gmail.com 

### Publications
**Mohl JT**, Pearson JM, Groh JM. Monkeys and humans implement causal inference to simultaneously localize auditory and visual stimuli. J Neurophysiol 124: 715–727 (2020)

**Mohl JT**, Caruso VC, Tokdar ST, Groh JM. Sensitivity and specificity of a Bayesian single trial analysis for time varying neural signals. Neurons, Behavior, Data Analysis, and Theory 3: 1 (2020)

Glynn C, Tokdar ST, Zaman A, Caruso VC, **Mohl JT**, Willett SM, Groh JM. Analyzing second order stochasticity of neural spiking under stimuli-bundle exposure. Annals of Applied Statistics(In press)(2020)

Caruso VC, **Mohl JT**, Glynn C, Lee J, Willett SM, Zaman A, Ebihara AF, Estrada R, Freiwald WA, Tokdar ST, Groh JM. Single neurons may encode simultaneous stimuli by switching between activity patterns. Nature Communications 9: 2715 (2018)

### Posters
[Distinct Codes As A Substrate For Causal Inference In
Primate Superior Colliculus Neurons](sfn_2018_mohl.pdf)

### [CV](CV.pdf)
